No you're the mayor of gentlemen-town!
Have a word ref.
Sorry I'm late I just ran over there.
You could r-run there, it's literally it'll be like 25 minutes or more to get there.
The early worm catches the thing, the dirt, GO AWAY! It's my girl, Helen.
I'm not approaching a beak.
Ding-ding Hello, Gorgeous. Ding-ding hello, can I help you? Ding-ding good morning, how are you tonight?
You doin' good boy?
I'm just having a tea. This stuff is just so addictive. I'm on about a cup a day now.
Sorry Al, best conversation I've had in weeks but I've gotta go; I've gotta go pick up the phone.
But I've got a cousin that really like coffee.
Oh God that's a bloody, that's an absolute krooner of a property that one, you lucky sod.
IN THE BACK PLEASE!
Nah don't eat the house, you'll get a drippy tummy.
Silly billy awards, I win the silly billy awards.
The interesting thing about this property, is it was actually built around a time from in History.
DOES THE BENCH REMIND YOU OF BEING IN P.E. HELEN?
I just go to a jumping class.
You just go and jump around everywhere for a hour.
I even, yeah, got a reply from Leona Lewis once. She told me she'd had enough.
Kinda cool I guess, but you know.
Check out these flats, they are doolally crazy!
Oh my god I always thought it was (a hospital), I think it's just because it's big.
I offered you a coffee earlier Helen and you said no.
Yeah because the bailiffs come they took their table it was their Grandad's table!
And from my point of view- I thought I had something to say I don't.
You just sat at the table talking about her tops.
Sorry Helen no, how do you know? You are not a letting agent; it's not your choice.
Only Fools and Rodney innit?
Oh hahaha, chuckle, hilarious.
Her name was Helen... Dale, I reckon.
This morning it's the pushy boy, now it's the man of the steal.
I don't know to be fair to be fair every day.
Can you remind me, what is it you've got in your house, it's just like a simple dove?
So what? I'll go up, give it a quick push, and it's gonna walk down the ladder?
What have you heard about it? Is it quite nice and slow, or is it going to be a bit quick and ridiculous?
I'm bloody doing a lot of effort for you actually.
Do you have a shirt up here Mike?
Come back here Sir-young lad.
No, not anymore, not anymore please.
Copy with me out of the window ple- copy with me out of the window please.
